Speaker: Welcome back.
In this step, we are going to update our application
from V2 to V3, using the kubectl
edit deployment option.
So this is very important option.
And then this is the option
we are going to use
in real time.
Most of the time, whenever,
running deployments
we have.
So Kubectl, edit,
deployment, deployment, name
and then we'll go inside
that deployment spec
and then update it.
So that's the reason.
So just look into it.
You see it here.
kubectl, edit, deployment,
and then space.
My first deployment means
like deployment name
or slash whatever it is.
Okay, so and then you are going to go
to container spec dot container start image
and change your image version
from 2 dot 0. 0. 2. 3. 0. 0.
So let's go ahead and then do that now.
So whenever you are doing it,
you can even say that you
if you want to save the version history
you can say that hyphen iPhone
record is equal to true.
So let's go here.
And so I can even say
kubectl edit deployment,
my first deployment and it is
nothing but hyphen iphone.
Record is equal to true.
Right?
And I'm going to go at the end
which is nothing but escape shift G.
And I'll go up and
if you see this is the spec dot container start image.
So I am going to change from 2 to 3 here.
Three zero two zero and I'm going to save it.
Escape : W, Q, right?
So now deployment got edited,
right?
So if you want
you can see that rollout
history one more time.
Okay, so maybe I am delayed.
So it might have already got completed.
Okay, so it already rolled out.
So if you see the ports again,
all the ports will be terminated and then recreated.
See all these are 15 seconds only.
Started just 15 seconds
before our 20 seconds before.
So that's a good thing.
So now if you see one more observation here,
is so one more time you have edited
one more Replica set means
like this is one more deployment.
So you are one more replica
set you'll be able to see
for your third version.
So let's go ahead and then see that
now.
QCT get RS,
right?
And CT get ports.
So you can verify the hashtag here, right?
So, which is nothing,
but this is the one current live one
which is nothing but three two 0 0 version
and 7 7 4 B.
And for our ports also you can see 7 7 4 B
as the hash label, right?
So that's about it.
So now the next thing is rollout history.
So let's see that rollout history of our thing
and it should be version three,
right?
So this is the one we have done in version three
and then that is what we are seeing it now.
So finally, whenever we access the
application,
right,
So we should see version three.
Currently it is V2 here and
if you want I can make it bigger.
Yeah. And if I refresh it should be V3, see, Right?
So now the application version is V3.
So this complete server,
two options
whatever we have available using the imperative way to
update our deployments, we have completed.
So in our next lecture we are going to focus
on roll back deployments.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.